# Shared Experiences

## About Shared Experiences

Shared Experiences is a travel and adventure product from Naked Software, LLC. Shared Experiences allows _players_ to find and purchase _experiences_ from a store. An experience is a guided adventure, journey, or story that the player follows. During an experience, the player will be guided to various destinations. Arriving at each destination unlocks a multimedia experience combining photos, videos, audio, music, and other media that has some relation to the destination. For example, consider someone visiting San Francisco, California for the first time. The player may purchase an experience that takes them across the city, stopping at various destinations along the way. The player may be guided on a walking path through Golden Gate Park where the experience author narrates and coordinates music to entertain the player. The player may go to an art gallery or a museum where the author tells the player about the significance of the art and how to enjoy it. The player may be taken to a restaurant or bar and told to order a specific dish while the author tells them about the dish that they are eating to help them understand and appreciate it better. At the end of the experience, the player is added to a community of other players who have previously shared that experience. The new player is able to interact with other former players to share their own thoughts and experiences from the adventure that they just completed.

The Shared Experiences applications can also be used to author and build new experiences, and to publish those experiences to the marketplace for other players to experience. Shared Experiences provides a complete environment for building experiences, by tagging locations that the author is at or searching for locations using the web, search engines, or location information in photos and videos. The author can enhance their content by linking music into their experience.

## About this Repository

The `nakedsoftware/sharedexperiences` repository is a public GitHub repository that is accessible to Shared Experiences customers and partners of Naked Software, LLC. This repository is used to store the feature requests and ideas that we have to go into the product. We include a discussion forum in this repository for customers, authors, and partners to use to interact with Naked Software, LLC, and Shared Experiences product team members. Users can report bugs in this repository or add comments to ideas and feature requests. This repository also contains public documentation for the Shared Experiences product that is published to the web and we accept contributions from external contributors to improve our documentation.
